Add new evaluators and package (#47569)
dotnet/docs: docs/ai/conceptual/evaluation-libraries.md

The evaluation libraries, which are built on top of the [Microsoft.Extensions.AI abstractions](../microsoft-extensions-ai.md), are composed of the following NuGet packages:

- [📦 Microsoft.Extensions.AI.Evaluation](https://www.nuget.org/packages/Microsoft.Extensions.AI.Evaluation) – Defines the core abstractions and types for supporting evaluation.

> - [📦 Microsoft.Extensions.AI.Evaluation.NLP](https://www.nuget.org/packages/Microsoft.Extensions.AI.Evaluation.NLP) - Contains [evaluators](#nlp-evaluators) that evaluate the quality of an LLM response by comparing it to a reference response. These evaluators aren't LLM or AI-based; they use older natural language processing (NLP) techniques to perform text comparisons.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- [📦 Microsoft.Extensions.AI.Evaluation.NLP](https://www.nuget.org/packages/Microsoft.Extensions.AI.Evaluation.NLP) - Contains [evaluators](#nlp-evaluators) that evaluate the similarity of an LLM's response text to one or more reference responses using natural language processing (NLP) metrics such as BLEU, GLEU and F1. These evaluators aren't LLM or AI-based; they use traditional NLP techniques such as text tokenization and n-gram analysis to evaluate text similarity.
```

Author: ```suggestion
- [📦 Microsoft.Extensions.AI.Evaluation.NLP](https://www.nuget.org/packages/Microsoft.Extensions.AI.Evaluation.NLP) - Contains [evaluators](#nlp-evaluators) that evaluate the similarity of an LLM's response text to one or more reference responses using natural language processing (NLP) metrics. These evaluators aren't LLM or AI-based; they use traditional NLP techniques such as text tokenization and n-gram analysis to evaluate text similarity.
```

| <xref:Microsoft.Extensions.AI.Evaluation.Quality.ToolCallAccuracyEvaluator> | `Tool Call Accuracy` | Evaluates an AI system's effectiveness at using the tools supplied to it (agent-focused) |

† This evaluator is marked [experimental](../../fundamentals/syslib-diagnostics/experimental-overview.md).

### NLP evaluators

NLP evaluators evaluate the quality of an LLM response by comparing it to a reference response using natural language processing (NLP) techniques. These evaluators aren't LLM or AI-based; instead, they use older NLP techniques to perform text comparisons.

| Evaluator type                                                            | Metric             | Description |
|---------------------------------------------------------------------------|--------------------|-------------|
| <xref:Microsoft.Extensions.AI.Evaluation.NLP.BLEUEvaluator>  | `BLEU` | Evaluates a response by comparing it to a reference response using the bilingual evaluation understudy (BLEU) algorithm. This algorithm is commonly used to evaluate the quality of machine-translation or text-generation tasks.  |

> | <xref:Microsoft.Extensions.AI.Evaluation.NLP.GLEUEvaluator> | `GLEU` | Measures the similarity between the generated response and one or more reference responses using the GLEU algorithm (n-gram overlap). |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| <xref:Microsoft.Extensions.AI.Evaluation.NLP.GLEUEvaluator> | `GLEU` | Measures the similarity between the generated response and one or more reference responses using the GLEU (Google BLEU) algorithm, a variant of the BLEU algorithm that is optimized for sentence-level evaluation. |
```

> | <xref:Microsoft.Extensions.AI.Evaluation.NLP.F1Evaluator> | `F1` | Evaluates a response by comparing it to a reference response using the *F1* scoring algorithm (the ratio of the number of shared words between the generated response and the reference response) |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| <xref:Microsoft.Extensions.AI.Evaluation.NLP.F1Evaluator> | `F1` | Evaluates a response by comparing it to a reference response using the *F1* scoring algorithm (the ratio of the number of shared words between the generated response and the reference response). |
```
